Add content for horizontal/vertical scaling (#101)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/vertical_scaling.md

# Vertical scaling

## CPU cores

When switching from one CPU core to two on AcraServer machine, the performance is roughly doubled.
So it is recommended to give AcraServer machine at least two of them.
However, every additional core will give less performance boost than the previous one.
For example, 4 cores will handle 3 times more write requests compared to single core machine.
And 8 cores will handle only 4 times more requests.

## Memory

> Here are some rough estimations of memory usage based on our tests:
> 
> | vCPUs | threads* | memory |
> |-------|----------|--------|
> | 1     | 1        | 314M   |
> | 1     | 8        | 362M   |
> | 1     | 20       | 441M   |
> |       |          |        |
> | 2     | 1        | 223M   |
> | 2     | 8        | 513M   |
> | 2     | 20       | 604M   |
> |       |          |        |
> | 4     | 1        | 225M   |
> | 4     | 8        | 563M   |
> | 4     | 20       | 725M   |
> |       |          |        |
> | 8     | 1        | 238M   |
> | 8     | 8        | 567M   |
> | 8     | 20       | 746M   |
> 
> \* — number of connections handled by AcraServer in parallel,
> each producing hundreds or thousands of request one after another
> 
> It is recommended to give the machine at least twice the amount you see in the table,
> 900M for single core machine, 1200M for dual core one and so on.

Reviewer: I managed to roughly sketch out the formula for calculating the amount of the minimum recommended RAM, now it looks like this:
```
RAM = 263.83 + connections × 6.8 + cores × 43.57
```
I've created a [table with calculated data and quickly built a chart](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1J-l2A4n7YR3hd7XXTLDoW4QYyQ0stBvJQ4CeG5fInQ4/edit?usp=sharing), which I'd suggest to add here instead of text.

So this chapter could be turn into something like:
```suggestion
Here are some rough recommendations for minimum memory amount based on our tests:

<PUT_IMAGE_HERE>

where:
  "connections" — number of connections handled by AcraServer in parallel
  "cores" — number of CPU cores available to AcraServer
  
This recommendations might be used only for an approximate calculation. The actual use of RAM can vary depending on many factors, for example, the nature of the load, the number and type of client keys, the type of database, etc. 
```
